Implements syscall clock_nanosleep, to support MUSL 1.2.2 and higher (#3973)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/SystemEdls.md

Ocall | Dependent syscall | Comments |
:---|:---:|:---|
oe_syscall_nanosleep_ocall | nanosleep | - |

> oe_syscall_clock_nanosleep_ocall | clock_nanosleep | In Windows, only flag = 0 is supported. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oe_syscall_clock_nanosleep_ocall | clock_nanosleep | In Windows, only flag = 0 and clockid = CLOCK_THREAD_CPUTIME_ID are supported. |
```

Author: CLOCK_THREAD_CPUTIME_ID is not supported in Linux as well. As it is an expected behavior, did not mention it here.
